Release v3.0.0-beta1 (#506)
giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [3.0.0-beta1] - 2023-07-13

This is the first public beta release of our new `ingress-nginx` chart.

> Even though we put a lot of effort into testing every change, we do not recommend you to install this release in a production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though we put a lot of effort into testing every change, we do not recommend that you install this release in a production environment.
```

If you are currently using `v2.x.x`, this release includes breaking changes from [`v3.0.0-alpha1`](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/releases/tag/v3.0.0-alpha1). We set up a [migration guide](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/blob/v3.0.0-beta1/migration.md) to make the upgrade as smooth as possible.

> Every kind of feedback regarding this release, its changes or our [migration guide](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/blob/v3.0.0-beta1/migration.md) is very welcome!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every kind of feedback regarding this release, its changes, or our [migration guide](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/blob/v3.0.0-beta1/migration.md) is very welcome!
```

Reviewer 2: Why? :D I never got this...

Reviewer 2: https://prowritingaid.com/Comma#:~:text=Listing%20commas%20can%20separate%20lists,a%20list%20of%20dependent%20clauses.

Well, Oxford it is then...

> Every kind of feedback regarding this release, its changes, or our [migration guide](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/blob/v3.0.0-beta1/migration.md) is very welcome!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
All feedback regarding this release, its changes, or our [migration guide](https://github.com/giantswarm/ingress-nginx-app/blob/v3.0.0-beta1/migration.md) is very welcome!
```
